Hello friends,
welcome to my YouTube channel Stocks
and today we are going to talk about stocks, they work
like a lifeline for any country,
if you must have seen
insurance on TV like this,
do a healthy challenge of policybazaar.com,
do healthy insurance, then insurance has become such an
important part of our
daily life nowadays that if you do not do anything else, then
first get insurance, similarly, you will learn from this
article, today I have brought a company for you
which is very important and
very good, so let's start today
's video,
if you are new to this channel, then please
subscribe to this channel, like, so
today I am going to talk about the stock, the
name of the stock is
ICICI General Insurance, I will
see it on the screen, the name of ICICI,
whose code is
this, see, this is a company, first let us quickly
visit its website and
see,
what I told you is not enough, it does a
lot more than this, the
net is running a bit slow,
see this is our ICICI Lombard
home page, inside this you can see above,
it works as
motor insurance.  Tax insurance
reduces bike insurance and health insurance. When you
buy a travel insurance ticket, it is written on it
whether you
want insurance. It gives you insurance for the entire journey for 25 paise or 75 paise.
That insurance is actually only
for your travel time and not for your house.
That insurance is for the time you
sit in the train. So,
our insurance is
like a lifeline for our country, that is why I said in the beginning of this video that
wherever you go, you will be asked to get insurance first.
See, what does Merit Ranjit Marine Transit mean,
if you have a
22 C through route, if some material is going,
workman compensation group health
insurance, like if you are doing a private job,
you get group health insurance in it.
Professional intimati policy for medical
practice
is available here. Apart from this, they
also provide crop insurance,
NRI insurance, cyber
insurance, ICICI Bharatri Rakshak policy,
and we can see more information about this
on our screener.in. As
you can see, first
read about
ICICI in this.  Lombard is
a leading and established private
sector general insurance company in our country and it is
highly diversified.
As I told you a while ago,
in 2001, it was a joint venture of
ICICI Bank and Fair Facts
Financial Holdings, in which
ICICI had 64% holdings and the
rest was a partnership of Fair Facts Financial,
but they
sold all their holdings in 2019 and exited.
Apart from this, you can see
that in the year 2022, they will
settle down 29.3 million policies
and out of that, they have claimed 2.3 million policies.
This shows us that this is a very good
figure in which ICICI Lombard is doing this.
According to this till 31st March 2022, the
company holds 8.1% share in the general
insurance industry across the
industry. This company is the largest
private sector non-life insurance
company in the country and is the second largest
player in the general insurance sector in
our India.  If
we look at its portfolio breakup, its
GDP is Rs 18500 crore and
within this, motor damage is
23%, third party motor damage is 23%
and health accident is 22%, fire is
16%, marine is 3%, crop production is 4%
and Adarsh ​​is 9%. Its distribution
channel is through
various methods,
through individual agents,
corporate agents, banks, Adarsh ​​corporate agents,
motor insurance service. So, now we will
not talk much about it. I
think I have explained to you broadly what
its business is. Now let us
move ahead. Its market cap is Rs
55622 crore and stock P volume is
30.7 M 34.7 which is the
sector PK ratio. Sector P,
our
stock P volume is 34.7% which is quite
good. Its AROC is 19.2%. Promoter
holding is also good. Profit variance is 48%.
Its net profit in the current year is 12.5%.  It is
doing 16005 crores, its book value is 205
rupees, its current market price is 1133, its
ascendancy is 15.1% which is considered good, it is
not at all zero percent plus,
then there is 5% holding in it, 23.4%
as you can see, then there is holding,
it means the share has strength,
its face value is ₹
10.7%, where again the holding is
getting so good, debt-minimum, this company
is a very good company, there is
no debt on the company at all and the
company is giving healthy dividend payout of
24.3%, earnings are included in the cos, respect
income of 848 crores,
promoter holding over last three years
is showing -7.84, but friends, let me
tell you why it is showing -7.84,
because the company has deliberately reduced its holding
in it, earlier it was
more than 50% holding, then it
was a part of ICICI Bank, but they sold
their business  To diversify
and make the business separate Aditya,
due to which it is currently at 48.3 which is less than
50%,
due to which it is 48% which is less than
50%, now ICICI Lombard is a different
entity and ICICI Bank is a different entity,
it has many advantages of
running separate businesses,
if there is some problem in one company then it does
not impact the other or one company
performs very well
but in the other company the first company is
doing bad and the other is doing well, then the
mix of both is now visible,
which company is performing well and which
company is doing bad, we do not know,
what companies do for this, they keep their businesses
diversified
which is SIM,
here ICICI Lombard has also done it,
like
HDFC Life running on life insurance, the most famous name
ICICI Pro's PE is 78.64
and the best among all these is P
ICICI Lombard seems to be 34.6 as
you can see, the average of all of them is
between 70, we do not have star health insurance
and life insurance, government and diet,
theirs is less.
Now let us talk about the quarterly
results. In the quarterly results, first of all the
sales, as you can see,
increase every year on year basis.
As I told you that the
insurance sector is the lifeline of our country
and it has been continuously growing and will continue to do so as
our population is growing.
As the government is bringing new
policies, what is happening in the new policies,
insurance is being made mandatory.
Like earlier we did not have railway insurance,
but now for the last few years,
railway insurance has started. Let us
talk about the IMC quarterly results. As
you can see here quarterly quarterly,
its sales are increasing,
expenses are also increasing and
operating profit here, it has come down in March 2022,
apart from this, it is also increasing.  Its
net profit in the current quarter has been
333 crores.
Look, its sales are growing at a very fast pace every year. Its
operating profit
was negative in the beginning and then positive
and you can see that last year in March 2021
also, it has performed well.
In March 2020, it has performed very well.
If we talk about profit before tax, the
profit before tax
which is running at present is 1950, it is
going very well and if it continues like this till the year end, then I
think we will
achieve a lifetime high.
Its net profit is showing 165, which is
already live time. The reason for my choosing this stock is
particular.
This is the reason that this stock is
running much below its high and its
profit is continuously increasing.
That is why I see potential in it
that this stock will move forward.
Look, let's look at the balance sheet.
Its share capital is 491,
which is 9595, which is  The company has very good
reserves, the amount of
reserves is only 35 crores, which is
very less, it is almost dead free company, there is
no borrowing in the company, the total investment of the
company is
41451 crores, the
total amount they have at this time is 55107,
as I told you, it was 51 earlier,
now they have reduced it to 48.02, then it has
reduced again because you can see that this year
in 2022, their sales are again heavy in
India, which was very
good before, they had
good free holdings in the last quarters, it is still good,
23.39, this is not a good percentage
which is continuously increasing, in this
you will see a special thing
that the public holding is very less and
what happens in any good city is that a
good city does not reach the hands of the public, in that the
promoters have
more holdings, then they have grabbed it, they have
cropped it, the public has
very less percentage to get,
which is the sign of a good lion, so now let us
look at this  Let's take a look at the technicals.
We have looked at the fundamentals so far. The
stock is quite good fundamentally, but is the
technicals also strong? Can it be bought at this level
or not? We will
see it on tradingview.com.
I will quickly open
tradingview.com.
I have already put up the chart of ICICI General Insurance. Look at this, if you
look at the chart of the last two years, you will see that the stock has been
falling since September 2021.
Look at its train line,
it
tried to come out here once in August 2022,
but it came back below the train line and
it has again come out above the train line.
These are its all-time profit results.
So friends, the
technical
area, you must be hearing about it these days. The
Adani crisis is going on
because of Adani.
When the entire market is down, then this too has to go down,
that is why it came down.
Respectfully, I do not see any problem in the stock.
It was supposed to go up. The market has
fallen by 500 points as soon as the market  It will recover,
this stock will go
up, if it doesn't move up, then there's
one more thing about it. You see,
it has very strong support at this level,
which it has maintained all the way back, so
if it moves from here, it will be easily achieved.
And since when has it been running since
February 2022, if we look at February 2022, that is, it is
decreasing in a particular ring pattern,
this lion goes up, then down, then up,
then down. So friends,
if you see a lion like this, which is
repeatedly going up, repeatedly going down,
what does it mean?
Technically, we will see that it is currently at its support level.
From here, the stock that I see now can
easily recover in the short term. It can
give you good profits in the short term. And if you look at it in the long term,
it can also achieve its all-time high.
Like, it has got
good results right now and its all-time high
is 1676,
1676 because from here it is at a very good height.
If you like any of my information  If you have come then
definitely like and share this channel.
This is a very good sector of general insurance sector
which in my opinion should be
in long term portfolio. This is a
sector which is still growing. There are still
many more things where
insurance has to be done like if you
people buy insurance online from amazon.com to Flipkart, there is another
company which insures everything like
ICICI Lombard and this is the company which
we discussed in the video.
You must have liked this video of mine,
with this hope I close this video.
Thank you,
goodbye.